Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.	Robert H. Schuller	Motivational
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.	Thomas A. Edison	Motivational
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.	Og Mandino	Motivational
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.	C. S. Lewis	Motivational
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.	Norman Vincent Peale	Motivational
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.	Ayn Rand	Motivational
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.	Arthur Ashe	Motivational
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.	Alfred A. Montapert	Motivational
If you can dream it, you can do it.	Walt Disney	Motivational
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.	Confucius	Motivational
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe	Motivational
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.	Eleanor Roosevelt	Motivational
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.	Dalai Lama	Motivational
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.	Nikos Kazantzakis	Motivational
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.	Victor Kiam	Motivational
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.	Albert Einstein	Motivational
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.	Helen Keller	Motivational
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.	Benjamin Franklin	Motivational
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.	Ken Venturi	Motivational
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.	Thomas Jefferson	Motivational
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.	Simone de Beauvoir	Motivational
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.	Jim Rohn	Motivational
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.	Muhammad Ali	Motivational
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.	Sam Levenson	Motivational
After a storm comes a calm.	Matthew Henry	Motivational
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.	Henry David Thoreau	Motivational
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.	Denis Waitley	Motivational
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.	Bradley Whitford	Motivational
If you're going through hell, keep going.	Winston Churchill	Motivational
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.	Gordon B. Hinckley	Motivational
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.	Lao Tzu	Motivational
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.	Mark Twain	Motivational
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.	Carl von Clausewitz	Motivational
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.	Katharine Hepburn	Motivational
